Apex and SOQL doc Update (#4558)
forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode: docs/_articles/en/soql/soql-tasks.md

---
title: SOQL Tasks
lang: en
---

> This is a repository of sample tasks using SOQL that you can complete in Code Builder or VS Code Extensions for desktop. We’ll keep adding to this list, so make sure you visit this topic often. 

Reviewer: Same edits as the previous page.

> This is a repository of sample tasks using SOQL that you can complete in Code Builder or VS Code Extensions for desktop. We’ll keep adding to this list, so make sure you visit this topic often. 

Author: This update in in the file already. Thanks!

> ## Use the SOQL Query Editor Create a Query That Lists Accounts with a New York State Address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use the SOQL Query Editor Create a Query To List Accounts with a New York State Address
```

Reviewer: This was a complicated header!  So my edit might be wrong, please double check.

1. From the command palette, run **SFDX: Create Query in SOQL Builder** to open SOQL Query Builder.

> 2. Click **File > Save** to save the query. Make sure to retain the .soql file extension.

Reviewer: Question: they haven't actually created a query yet, so what exactly are they saving here?

Author: good point. changed to "file".

> 2. Click **File > Save** to save the query. Make sure to retain the .soql file extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **File > Save** to save the query. Make sure to retain the `.soql` file extension.
```

> 3. Click the Switch Between SOQL Builder and Text Editors icon (<img src="../../../images/go-to-file.svg">) to reopen the SOQL Query Builder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click the **Switch Between SOQL Builder and Text Editors** icon (<img src="../../../images/go-to-file.svg">) to reopen the SOQL Query Builder.
```

> 4. In the `From` field, search object, and select the `Account` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the `From` field, search for the object, and then select the `Account` object.
```

Reviewer: Hmm, my edit might not be correct.  But just "search object" didn't seem right either!

5. In `Fields`, select `Name`, `BillingState`, and `BillingCountry`.
6. In the `Filter` field, select `AND`, and set:
    `BillingCountry = USA`
    `AND`
    `BillingState = NY`
7.   Click **Run Query**.

> A Query Result tab pops up. You can then save the result in `csv` or `json` formats.

Reviewer: Does Query Result need to be in bold?  Not sure, but flagging just in case :)

## Resources

> - [Example SELECT Clauses](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.236.0.soql_sosl.meta/soql_sosl/sforce_api_calls_soql_select_examples.htm)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Example SELECT Clauses](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.soql_sosl.meta/soql_sosl/sforce_api_calls_soql_select_examples.htm)
```

> - [Salesforce Object Query Language (SOQL)](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.236.0.soql_sosl.meta/soql_sosl/sforce_api_calls_soql.htm)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Salesforce Object Query Language (SOQL)](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.soql_sosl.meta/soql_sosl/sforce_api_calls_soql.htm)
```

> Trailhead

Reviewer: Can you rearrange these resources to be just 3 bullets, with format similar to how we do it in core RNs?  i.e. 

* Guide: Topic 
* Trailhead: Topic

---
title: SOQL Tasks
lang: en
---

> This is a repository of sample tasks using SOQL that you can complete in Code Builder or VS Code Extensions for desktop. We’ll keep adding to this list, so make sure you visit this topic often. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is a repository of sample tasks using SOQL that you can complete in Code Builder or VS Code using the Salesforce Extensions. We’ll keep adding to this list, so make sure you visit this topic often. 
```
